bossominium:golden_charm  es infinito
bossominium:angelic_golden_sword   levitate en area
bossominium:golden_eye_totem solo dura 3 golpes
bossominium:ender_crystal_sword levita enemigos al pegarles
bossominium:blood_cannon ca√±on re op   
bossominium:dagger_of_en sumonea lava en todos lados muy op
bossominium:dead_lantern tracker de undead
bossominium:dessert_necklace_chestplate una armadura fea
bossominium:enderporter muy op teletransporta enemigos
bossominium:fanged_bracelet sumonea mandibulas, una cagada
bossominium:fanged_dagger daga ultra rapida
bossominium:flame_eye consumible de fire resist
bossominium:forest_mace aplica slow
bossominium:golden_dagger daga mediocre
bossominium:hell_charger blinker muy op
bossominium:nether_igniter prende fuego mobs muy op
bossominium:skelenado_chest_chestplate inmune a las flechas
bossominium:soul_trapper atrapa mobs en soulsand
bossominium:stone_shielder te atrapa en piedra
bossominium:stone_shocker sumonea rayos bastante op
bossominium:warped_wand sumonea lost spirits medio chota